extras/README.md, before:

GDScript-Highlight Extras
=========================

This folder contains additional resources of the [GDScript-Highlight](https://github.com/tajmone/gdscript-highlight) project.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- #toc -->
-   [Files List](#files-list)
-   [Dev-Notes](#dev-notes)
-   [License Notice for Code Sample](#license-notice-for-code-sample)

<!-- /toc -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Files List
==========

-   [`example.gd`](./example.gd) — Sample GDScript file for testing ([by J.Linietsky and A.Manzur](#license-notice-for-code-sample)).
-   [`example.html`](./example.html) — Sample GDScript converted to HTML via Highilight.
-   [`screenshot-highlight-gui.jpg`](./screenshot-highlight-gui.jpg) — Sample GDScript in Highlight GUI’s preview.
-   [`screenshot-godot-editor.jpg`](./screenshot-godot-editor.jpg) — Sample GDScript in Godot’s editor.
-   [`LANG-DEV-NOTES.md`](./LANG-DEV-NOTES.md) — Dev-Notes on GDScript lang definition.
-   [`THEME-DEV-NOTES.md`](./THEME-DEV-NOTES.md) — Dev-Notes on Godot theme.

Dev-Notes
=========

I’ve left behind some notes on the making of GDScript language definition and the Godot theme for Highlight. Hopefully, this notes might be useful to:

-   future maintainers of this project,
-   anyone wishing to create a GDScript lang definition for other syntax highlighting tools,
-   anyone wishing to port the Godot theme to other tools (highlighters or code editors).

License Notice for Code Sample
==============================

The GDScript code contained in the `example.gd` and `example.html` files (also shown in screenshots) was taken from Godot’s demo-projects: [`/misc/tween/main.gd`](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/blob/master/misc/tween/main.gd). The code is copyright (c) 2007-2016 Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur, released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

                             GODOT ENGINE
                      http://www.godotengine.org

    Copyright (c) 2007-2016 Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur.

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Complete Dev-Notes
Completed the Dev-Notes, added some more palette files, and polished the text. WIP now closed.

extras/README.md, after:

GDScript-Highlight Extras
=========================

This folder contains additional resources of the [GDScript-Highlight](https://github.com/tajmone/gdscript-highlight) project.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- #toc -->
-   [Files List](#files-list)
-   [Folders List](#folders-list)
-   [Dev-Notes](#dev-notes)
-   [License Notice for Code Sample](#license-notice-for-code-sample)

<!-- /toc -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Files List
==========

-   [`example.gd`](./example.gd) — Sample GDScript file for testing ([by J.Linietsky and A.Manzur](#license-notice-for-code-sample)).
-   [`example.html`](./example.html) — Sample GDScript converted to HTML via Highilight.
-   [`screenshot-highlight-gui.jpg`](./screenshot-highlight-gui.jpg) — Sample GDScript in Highlight GUI’s preview.
-   [`screenshot-godot-editor.jpg`](./screenshot-godot-editor.jpg) — Sample GDScript in Godot’s editor.
-   [`LANG-DEV-NOTES.md`](./LANG-DEV-NOTES.md) — Dev-Notes on GDScript lang definition.
-   [`THEME-DEV-NOTES.md`](./THEME-DEV-NOTES.md) — Dev-Notes on Godot theme.

Folders List
============

-   [`/palettes/`](./palettes/) — Godot’s feault Theme palette in various formats.
-   [`/swatches/`](./swatches/) — PNG swatches of Godot’s palette (used for previews in doc files).

Dev-Notes
=========

I’ve left behind some notes on the making of GDScript language definition and the Godot theme for Highlight. Hopefully, this notes might be useful to:

-   future maintainers of this project,
-   anyone wishing to create a GDScript lang definition for other syntax highlighting tools,
-   anyone wishing to port the Godot theme to other tools (highlighters or code editors).

License Notice for Code Sample
==============================

The GDScript code contained in the `example.gd` and `example.html` files (also shown in screenshots) was taken from Godot’s demo-projects: [`/misc/tween/main.gd`](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/blob/master/misc/tween/main.gd). The code is copyright (c) 2007-2016 Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur, released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

                             GODOT ENGINE
                      http://www.godotengine.org

    Copyright (c) 2007-2016 Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur.

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.
